Automation Requests, Automation Results, Contributions and SUTs can all be updated and deleted.

# Resource update
Resources can be updated by sending a PUT request to the URI of the resource to be updated. Not all properties of a resource can be updated, some properties are protected.

Properties allowed to be updated are:
- **Automation Requests** - desiredState, title, description, creator, contributor, extendedProperties
- **Automation Result** - title, creator, contributor, extendedProperties
- **Contribution** -  value, valueType, filePath, title, creator, extendedProperties
- **SUT** - buildCommand, launchCommand, title, description, creator, extendedProperties

Updates can only be performed once the Automation Request associated with the resource to be updated has finished execution. One exception is updating the desiredState property of an Automation Request to "http://open-services.net/ns/auto#canceled" to cancel its execution, if it didnt finish already. 

### Compilation adapter
The compilation adapter allows updated of Automation Requests, Automation Results, and SUT resources. 
### Analysis adapter
The analysis adapter allows updated of Automation Requests, Automation Results, and Contribution resources.

# Resource delete
Resources can be deleted by sending a DELETE request to the URI of the resource to be updated.

Resources can only be deleted after their associated Automation Request finished execution. One exception is deleting an in-progress Automation Request which will cause the Automation Request to be canceled and then deleted.

### Compilation adapter
The compilation adapter supports deletion of Automation Requests, Automation Results, and SUT resources. Each resource can be deleted individually with no guarantee of a consistent database state (e.g. An Automation Result is deleted, but its associated A. Request is not. Then the A. Request will contain a link which points to a deleted resource). Or clients can include a "cascade = true" parameter with their PUT request, and the adapter will delete all associated resources as well (associated resources are A.Request<->A.Result<->SUT).

### Analysis adapter
The analysis adapter supports deletion of Automation Requests, Automation Results, and Contribution resources. Each resource can be deleted individually with no guarantee of a consistent database state (e.g. An Automation Result is deleted, but its associated A. Request is not. Then the A. Request will contain a link which points to a deleted resource). Or clients can include a "cascade = true" parameter with their PUT request, and the adapter will delete all associated resources as well (associated resources are A.Request<->A.Result->Contribution). Contribution resources do not support cascade delete because they do not contain a link to their associated A.Results.